Revising to include try's new catch feature (#62)
MicrosoftDocs/query-docs: query-languages/m/m-spec-error-handling.md

## Handling errors

> An _error-handling-expression_ (informally known as a "`try` expression") is used to handle an error:

Reviewer: The formatting of the back-tick inside the quote doesn't look quite right. Consider removing the backticks.

Author: Done

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`(`_parameter-name_<sub>opt</sub>`)` `=>` _function-body_<br/>

The following holds when evaluating an _error-handling-expression_ without an _error-handler_:

* If the evaluation of the _protected-expression_ does not result in an error and produces a value x, the value produced by the _error-handling-expression_ is a record of the following form:

```powerquery-m
    [ HasErrors = false, Value = x ]
```

* If the evaluation of the _protected-expression_ raises an error value e, the result of the _error-handling-expression_ is a record of the following form:

```powerquery-m
    [ HasErrors = true, Error = e ]
```

The following holds when evaluating an _error-handling-expression_ with an _error-handler_:

* The _protected-expression_ must be evaluated before the _error-handler_.

* The _error-handler_ must be evaluated if and only if the evaluation of the _protected-expression_ raises an error.

* If the evaluation of the _protected-expression_ raises an error, the value produced by the _error-handling-expression_ is the result of evaluating the _error-handler_.

* Errors raised during the evaluation of the _error-handler_ are propagated.

> * When an _error-handler_ is evaluated that is _catch-function_, the function defined by the _catch-function_ is invoked. If that function accepts a parameter, the error value will be passed as its value. 

Reviewer: Same comment about the naming and "catch" keyword applies here. Also:

```suggestion
* When an _error-handler_ is evaluated that is a _catch-function_, the function defined by the _catch-function_ is invoked. If that function accepts a parameter, the error value will be passed as its value. 
```

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`(`_parameter-name_<sub>opt</sub>`)` `=>` _function-body_<br/>

The following holds when evaluating an _error-handling-expression_ without an _error-handler_:

* If the evaluation of the _protected-expression_ does not result in an error and produces a value x, the value produced by the _error-handling-expression_ is a record of the following form:

```powerquery-m
    [ HasErrors = false, Value = x ]
```

* If the evaluation of the _protected-expression_ raises an error value e, the result of the _error-handling-expression_ is a record of the following form:

```powerquery-m
    [ HasErrors = true, Error = e ]
```

The following holds when evaluating an _error-handling-expression_ with an _error-handler_:

* The _protected-expression_ must be evaluated before the _error-handler_.

* The _error-handler_ must be evaluated if and only if the evaluation of the _protected-expression_ raises an error.

* If the evaluation of the _protected-expression_ raises an error, the value produced by the _error-handling-expression_ is the result of evaluating the _error-handler_.

* Errors raised during the evaluation of the _error-handler_ are propagated.

> * When an _error-handler_ is evaluated that is a _catch-clause_, the  _catch-function_ is invoked. If that function accepts a parameter, the error value will be passed as its value. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When the _error-handler_ being evaluated is a _catch-clause_, the  _catch-function_ is invoked. If that function accepts a parameter, the error value will be passed as its value. 
```

Author: Thanks!

// [ Reason = "Expression.Error", Message = "A", Detail = null ]
```

> The preceding effect can be achieved with less syntax by using a _catch-function_ that accepts a parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The preceding example can be rewritten with less syntax by using a _catch-function_ that accepts a parameter:
```

```powerquery-m
let
    x = try error "A" catch (e) => e
in
    x
// [ Reason = "Expression.Error", Message = "A", Detail = null ]
```

An _otherwise-clause_ can be used to replace errors handled by a try expression with an alternative value:

```powerquery-m
try error "A" otherwise 1 
// 1
```

> A _catch-function_ that does not accept a parameter is effectively a long-form alternate syntax for an _otherwise-clause_:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A _catch-function_ that does not accept a parameter is effectively a longer alternate syntax for an _otherwise-clause_:
```

// [ Reason = "Expression.Error", Message = "A", Detail = null ]
```

The preceding example can be rewritten with less syntax by using a _catch-clause_ with a _catch-function_ that accepts a parameter:
```powerquery-m
let
    x = try error "A" catch (e) => e
in
    x
// [ Reason = "Expression.Error", Message = "A", Detail = null ]
```

An _otherwise-clause_ can be used to replace errors handled by a try expression with an alternative value:

```powerquery-m
try error "A" otherwise 1 
// 1
```

> A _catch-clause_ with a zero-parameter _catch-function_ is effectively a longer, alternate syntax for an _otherwise-clause_:

Reviewer: It's just another way of expressing the same thing, so "alternative" would work.

> A _catch-clause_ with a zero-parameter _catch-function_ is effectively a longer, alternate syntax for an _otherwise-clause_:

Author: Change made.
